---
name: "Benjamin Moy"
---

Benjamin Moy is a third-year medical student at the University of Michigan Medical School. Benjamin received his Bachelor of Science with High Distinction and Phi Beta Kappa honors from the University of Michigan, where he studied molecular, cellular, and developmental biology with a minor in music. Benjamin is passionate about improving healthcare access for underserved populations and advancing medical education and mentorship, especially for students who identify as first-in-family-in-medicine, first-generation, or low-income. He currently serves as operations director for Wolverine Street Medicine, a student-led organization that provides medical care for homeless patients in Detroit, as well as president of the Phi Chi Medical Society, where he established a mentorship program between medical and undergraduate students. Benjamin represents the student perspective as a member of the University of Michigan Medical School Admissions Committee and Department of Pediatrics Student Education Advisory Committee. Benjamin formerly served as the Student Leader for the Medicine in Mandarin Program, an elective designed to help Mandarin-speaking medical students refine their linguistic skills for conversing with Mandarin-speaking patients. Benjamin conducts research in gastroenterology, where he studies diagnostic strategies and treatment outcomes for patients with post-surgical gastric sleeve stenosis. Benjamin is a member of the Gold Humanism Honor Society and plans to apply for a residency program in internal medicine. During his free time, Benjamin enjoys playing the piano and organ, singing, reading, walking in nature, and spending time with family and friends.
